Described DBaaS feature in CONTRIBUTING.md (#1038)
percona/pmm: CONTRIBUTING.md

* [Percona-Lab/clickhouse_exporter](https://github.com/Percona-Lab/clickhouse_exporter)
* [percona/percona-toolkit](https://github.com/percona/percona-toolkit)

### PMM DBaaS

#### Prerequisites

1. Installed minikube
1. Installed docker

#### Running minikube

To spin-up k8s cluster, run
```
    minikube start --cpus=4 --memory=7G --apiserver-names host.docker.internal --kubernetes-version=v1.23.0
    ENABLE_DBAAS=1 NETWORK=minikube make env-up # Run PMM with DBaaS feature enabled
```

[Read the documentation](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/setting-up/server/dbaas.html) how to run DBaaS on GKE or EKS

##### Troubleshooting

1. You can face with pod failing with `Init:CrashLoopBackOff` issue. Once you get logs by running `kubectl logs pxc-cluster-pxc-0 -c pxc-init` you get the error `install: cannot create regular file '/var/lib/mysql/pxc-entrypoint.sh': Permission denied`. You can fix it using [this solution](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/issues/12360#issuecomment-1123794143). Also, check [this issue](https://jira.percona.com/browse/K8SPXC-879)
1. Multinode PXC Cluster can't be created on ARM CPUs. You can have single node installation.

> 1. Operators are not supported. This issue can happen in two different scenarios. You can have PMM version higher then current release, our you installed higher version of operators. You can check compatibility using https://check.percona.com/versions/v1/pmm-server/PMM-version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Operators are not supported. It means that the PMM version <-> operator version pair does not exist in the Version service. This issue can happen in two different scenarios. You can have a PMM version higher than the current release, or you installed a higher version of operators. You can check compatibility using https://check.percona.com/versions/v1/pmm-server/PMM-version
```

> 1. Operators are not supported. This issue can happen in two different scenarios. You can have PMM version higher then current release, our you installed higher version of operators. You can check compatibility using https://check.percona.com/versions/v1/pmm-server/PMM-version

Reviewer: all items have the number 1.

Author: Yep. But it renders correctly by github.

Reviewer: But not locally :)
